---
title: Sissy (2022)
description: Can you film a movie with no likeable characters? Let's find out!
date: 2024-10-26 20:46:58 +0100
categories: [films, horror]
tags: [film reviews, horror, horror comedy, influencers!, spooktober 2024, vacationsploitation, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2024-10-26/"
image:
    path: "sissy.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> This girl who used to be called Sissy but now goes by Cecilia is an instagram mental health/wellbeing influencer. This would already be the premise of a horror movie but it's not exactly the focus, this time.<br/>One day she sorta randomly reconnects with her childhood best friend Emma, who is getting married! Emma is so happy she invites Cecilia to her engagement party and *then* the hen party the next day. Unknown to Cecilia, her childhood bully is also invited... Things are going to get awkwardly bloody and also bloody awkward.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Nah, it's over that.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Not just that, it is a plot point that people keep saying the name/title! Chef kiss and full marks.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> featuring the most instantly dislikable cast since ***Bad Things***, I mean, just look at that screenshot.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> Some parts of the movie are laugh out loud funny but this is one of those that would really benefit from a shorter length. It is really australian and that is kinda charming so it kinda balances it out?<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> I'd suggest finishing the movie saying Sissy's name, or with her embracing it completely, etc.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDB trivia:</span><br/>There's a mention on the goofs about how this one character went from being "*slightly olive skinned and dark haired*" when she was a kid to "*caucasian and blonde*" now she's an adult. This was clearly written by a person who is completely unfamiliar with alien concepts like "*hair dyes*" and "*concealer makeup*".

At least it's not like the Resident Online Gun Nerd™ that wrote a *huge* paragraph explaining details about guns, bullets, bullet holes and stuff like that because *of course* there's always someone who doesn't get that's kind of a really weird thing to know too much about and specially talk about unprompted.<br/>
Other than that...
{% include blunder.html %}