---
title: Y2K (2024)
description: Do you remember POGS!? well they're back! In ALF form!
date: 2025-04-22 21:01:37 +0200
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, comedy, horror comedy, accurate portrayal of another country, vhs nostalgia, let's think our way out, romcom, sci-fi, secret musical, the internet is scary, the writer's barely-disguised fetish, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-04-22/"
image:
    path: "y2k.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Our heroes: Eli and Danny, the biggest losers in high school. Their goal: (as beavis and butt-head would put it) to score. The location: one of those way too big parties you only see in teen comedies. When: December 31st, 1999<br/>Wait - *WHAAAAAT!?* Next thing you'll tell me all that whole Y2K "problem" actually is a problem in this movie!?<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Just a minute over.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Oh yes they do, of course.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> If only it was as funny as it thinks it is just by referencing the very late 90s!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Eh. This was pretty meh, to be honest, I expected maybe a bit too much because the writer/director is the same guy behind the amazingly funny ***Saturday Morning All Stars Hits***, but I guess they can't be all winners. The first few times they kinda wink at the camera to let you know that *yes* this is a 90s reference make you chuckle ("what the HELL are they wearing and what's with those haircuts" is a thing you'll keep thinking), the problem is that uh it feels the movie fires all it's got by the 20 minutes mark and then it just kinda doesn't really know what to do for the rest of the duration. I mean, except for one extremely dumb joke I liked a lot because it felt like a payoff to a ton of bad jokes before, but uhm. Yeah I say skip this one.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> As an intellectual, I would have enjoyed some fart jokes here and there.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the ~~IMDb trivia~~ YEAR 2000 ON TV:</span>

The IMDb trivia sucked so instead have a funny anecdote: watching this movie I remembered there's this extremely dated ***Beverly Hills, 90210*** (yes, that's ***Sensación de Vivir***) episode where resident asshole and clearly future Trump voter Steve gets extremely paranoid about Y2K and kinda has panic attacks and gets all crazy prepper. Why do I remember that, I don't know, because I sure wasn't watching that show by then. Still, isn't it kind of mind boggling that *that show* was still airing by then?? ***The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air*** (***El Príncipe de Bel-Air***) only lasted until 1996!!! ***Family Matters*** (***Things of House***) ended by 98!!!

It's bonkers, I tell you.
