---
title: 825 Forest Road (2025)
description: Another movie on the long long "why would you even have that at home" list
date: 2025-04-22 21:03:24 +0200
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, hagsploitation, haunted-housesploitation, hidden ghosts, influencers!, long hair is scary, lowbudgetcore, netflixcore, spooky painting, spooky doll, why would you even keep that thing at home, there was an attempt, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-04-22/"
image:
    path: "825-forest-road.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Isabel, her brother and her sister in law move to this big ass house and let's be honest, by now that should tell you everything you need to know. For once it's not in the middle of nowhere, but, I mean. Anyhoo there's this kind of local urban legend about this spoooooooky lady that used to live in a certain road that (get this) is no longer called by that name and would you believe shit's going to get haunted?<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> No and I don't really get why not.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Yeah!

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> I am just going to point to the screenshot above and say that the thing on the right is a mannequin that is heavily featured in the movie and yet doesn't manage to save it.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> I bet there's a German word for that feeling of disappointment you get when a movie has a ton of the ingredients you like and then decides to do nothing with them. Spooky "hidden" (in plain sight) ghosts! Things that change in between takes! Different points of view of the same scene to make you go "wait what the hell"! This movie has it all!<br/>And yeah it does *nothing* with those things. There are like, ten, maybe fifteen pretty spooky minutes in this hundred minutes long movie and that's a shame. Blegh.
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> Perfect opportunity to do a crossover of whatever this was and ***Mannequin***, that extremely creepy 80s comedy where a dude falls in love with the titular mannequin. Except this time the doll is spooky!?

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> As Chuck's frightened student leaves, you can see [a ghost] sitting at the piano as he closes the door.

Our IMDb friend was, for once, paying attention to the movie and felt like they needed a pat on the back for noticing something that not only gets the camera lingering for a sec, but also a Scary Chord In The Soundtrack. I like that this was literally all the trivia for this movie: "I noticed a thing they didn't even hide".