---
title: Pacific Rim (2013)
description: ELBOW ROCKET (elbow rocket)
date: 2025-03-02 23:18:19 +0100
categories: [films, sci-fi]
tags: [film reviews, sci-fi, RRRRR, anime, cool weird crap, kaiju, pretty metal, let's punch our way out, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-03-02/"
image:
    path: "pacific-rim.png"
---
{% include 5r.html %}
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Are you ready for two hours of kaijus being punched in the face by huge robots?<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Well I just said, it's a bit over two hours.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Yes they do!

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> A movie so badass it broke my friend's TV on a rewatch, and this is not a joke.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> What a best way to start the Five Arrs (Impeccable-Taste's Rewatch Station) than this? What an amazingly fun piece of cinema history. Guillermo del Toro is so clearly a huge dweeb that loved all the godzillas, the gameras and the evangelions and figured he could just get some toys, make them punch each other and also bring one of Impeccable Taste's HQ favourites into the mix, Ron Perlman. Boy what a great, fun, surprisingly optimistic movie. Gorgeous in 4k, extremely recommended.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> to be very honest I have always wanted a tiny bit more of screentime for the barely functional sovietbot.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> The basic idea of this movie: giant monsters attacking and giant mechas defending against them, is oddly similar to the Reboot (1995) season 2 episode "NullZilla", where a giant monster created from Nulls and Fong uses a giant mecha with inspiration from "Thunderbirds" and "GoLion/Vultron"

{% include wth.html %}
Of all possible "this is referencing this other show" things you could have gone for, this might be the bravest, dumbest option. Good job, my friend, good job!