---
title: Starry Eyes (2014)
description: Not like Takashi Miike's Audition but I mean, I wouldn't want to be there either
date: 2025-04-06 22:19:36 +0100
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, satanic panic, body horror, buttsploitation, they don't say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-04-06/"
image:
    path: "starry-eyes.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Sarah is an aspiring actress and, you know, if you've watched enough horror movies you will be going "oh dear" by now. Like, worst possible career path ever, I think? Most Likely To Be Murdered Or Something in your facebook or stuff like that.<br/>Anyway, so, yes, blablabla, aspiring actress, blablabla, out of luck, blablabla, big opportunity, blablabla, HARVEY WEINSTEIN but not really. But it could be him, and then this wouldn't have the supernatural twist, just the gross one.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> almost ten minutes over the mark so of course it gets a big frown<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> No, and it's not like they didn't have a chance to say it!

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> Part of that "surprise kick-in-the-groin" type of film, where you thought you were going to watch something extremely dumb and then it is a bit better than that.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> Yeah, satanic panic aside this was a nice one. Surprisingly graphic at times, which in this case was tasteful enough to let you go "oh blimey, haha, that took me by surprise, hur hur. oh well, nevertheless". It's funny that this is the type of movie that makes you feel really disgusted with the real-life-stuff very early, and then it just keeps amping up the brutal bits, without forgetting the original point it wanted to make. So, uh, yeah, a nice surprise<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> I actually wanted her to be successful. Sometimes you wanna root for the underdog, you know?

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> Actress Alexandra Essoe really put the bugs in her mouth that were vomited by her character in the bathtub scene. She volunteered to do the method performance rather than using CG or special shots.

well that's a way to lose some weight I guess
