---
title: The Monkey (2025)
description: Featuring the scariest monkey since Nope
date: 2025-03-31 20:50:31 +0100
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, horror comedy, cool weird crap, spooky doll, why would you even keep that thing at home, featuring the most obnoxious people on earth, pretty metal, ñam ñam qué rico, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-03-31/"
image:
    path: "the-monkey.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> This is a movie based on a short story by Richard Bachman's Batman to his Bruce Wayne, Stephen King, that I think I read like thirty years ago or something and to be very honest the only thing I remember from that one was that it featured a creepy monkey doll and that by the end they went to ***Friday the 13th***'s Crystal Lake for some reason I didn't get back then (the reason was cocaine).<br/>Anyway, the basic premise is that you have a couple of twins, and of course that means one of them is lame as hell and the other one is an asshole. They inherit this creepy as fuck monkey toy thing: that alone would be bad but the thing is, anytime anyone makes the monkey play its drums *someone dies* in an *extremely over the top way*. So, yes, this is another entry in that comedy horror subgenre: "why the hell would you bring that thing home????"<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> it's so very close, but no!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Oh of course they do, it would be really weird if they tried to avoid that. Weird but maybe funny, I'm not sure. It got a bit tiring when every single superhero movie started doing that "spandex uniforms? gee that'd be lame *jims the camera and winks*" so.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> 2025's dumbest, goriest, funniest movie?<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> Unapologetically DUMB (the good kind of dumb, mind you), with some extremely deadpan, stupid as hell dialogue lines, with explosions of gore and gibbs and people basically being vaporized on screen. A TON of delightfully messy practical effects with just the right amount of cgi. I don't know, I had a great time. It probably helps that in the current 'elevated horror' wave (a style I like, mind you) where every scary movie is actually not about cool spooky stuff but about *trauma* and *metaphors* and *repressed feelings* and *disliking your dad a lot* and *winning awards* you get a movie that is so uh what you see is what you get, and what you get is a creepy monkey.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> There's this lady that basically kevinmccallisters herself to death and I think that scene would have been just delightful if it featured John William's music [from that scene where they're rushing to the airport](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGooy5Dk7qc).

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the ~~IMDb trivia~~ your favourite blog:</span>

[Last Spooktober]({% link tags/spooktober-2024/index.html %}) I reviewed an excellent, and I mean excellent, movie called ***[Oddity]({% post_url 2024/2024-10-02/2024-10-02-00-oddity %})***  where the IMDb trivia was about someone who spotted a creepy monkey toy and could only think about the short story this movie is based on.

So I guess I should create an IMDb account and add this to the trivia section:
> this movie is clearly inspired by that creepy monkey thing on ***Oddity (2024)***
>
> also the next song is about shooting blood out o-