---
title: Red Rooms (2023)
description: Insert a geocities-like "under construction!" gif with a guy digging
date: 2025-01-20 17:42:44 +0100
categories: [films, thrillers]
tags: [film reviews, thriller, the internet is scary, true crime fans are the worst, what the hell was that, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-01-20/"
image:
    path: "red-rooms.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Kelly Anne is a fashion model who might be slightly too into true crime, although this is not openly stated in the movie. She's following of all the media circus surrounding a very high profile trial: a creepy looking dude has been accused of murdering three schoolgirls and since that wasn't bad enough he also uploaded the video to the dark web so other weirdos to jerk off or something. Anyhoo, moving on. Kelly Anne decides to attend the trial as part of the audience - she's not going to be the only one there because on top of all the press we have a gaggle of self described "groupies" of the guy. And trust me, it's a bit of a competition to see who's weirder.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Nah, almost two hours.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Yes, both "Red Rooms" and "Les Chambres Rouges"! Sacre bleu!

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> Yeah, see, this is why when you notice someone is *really*, *really* into true crime podcasts you should smile, nod and back away slowly.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> This was a really unsettling, disturbing thriller. Cool look at tech, some really tense parts (the second half of the movie is *really* tense) and at least in my case it makes you keep guessing - good stuff.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> I'm just picturing Lt. Columbo on the case, bumbling his way to a confession just by constantly asking everyone around him about the dorky web with the onions and all that technological stuff, and telling them how Mrs Columbo forgot her facebook password and oh geez wouldn't it be useful to have a way to remember them more easily and

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb ~~trivia~~ user reviews:</span>
> Most of the dramatic European films , even if they come by the way of Quebec ) , are always deep ,dark , disturbing , philosophical and somewhat nihilistic in their approach to almost anything . That's the main reason , why I always was fascinated with European cinema...Said that , this particular title ,as much as I wanted It to be astonishing and deeply touching ( living in Quebec myself))) , somehow It still left me not very satisfied ... Difficult to understand exactly why ... Just something somewhere didn't fully clicked for me ... Nevertheless , definitely worth it to watch it at least once .

Not sure what I like the most here, from the whole deal about Quebec being Europe to the radical approach to punctuation, parenthesis and all that.