---
title: Hellraiser (2022)
description: They don't go to space on this one
skip_description: false
skip_reading_time: true
date: 2024-10-19 19:36:17 +0100
categories: [films, horror]
tags: [film reviews, horror, body horror, the writer's barely-disguised fetish, high heels and leather, spooktober 2024, they don't say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2024-10-19/"
image:
    path: "hellraiser.png"
    thumb: true
    cover: true
    show_in_post: true

---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> A lady struggling with addiction and some of the dumbest people on earth run into this puzzle box that can, if properly played with, summon some weirdos that are way, way too into bdsm. The weirdos always kinda giggle quietly and poke each other on the ribs at the same time they're promising your heart's desire. This happens more often than you'd expect.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Two hours and it'd be a tighter one if it was 90 minutes or less.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> No and also they didn't bring back the CD-spitting cenobite.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span><br/>
> Did you know...<br/>
> ... *cenobites now famously cannot open doors*?
{% include knowing.html %}
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> I found the cenobites new look really cool, I actually liked the Lament Configuration's redesign *a lot*, I am still very hung up on the original concept of "*cenobites are not really good or evil, just completely alien things that are way too much into extreme hedonism*". That said this is probably the first good Hellraiser movie since the one where they go to space.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> Next time they are trapped outside Pinhead should just google the last Lockpicking Lawyer video and go "oh. OOOOH! So simple, really"

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDB ~~trivia~~ user reviews:</span>

A surprisingly huge amount of the negative user reviews focus very heavily on the fact that Pinhead was played by a lady that happens to be trans and what an insult this is to the previous movies (even though **Doug Bradley** -the original Pinhead- heavily praised her performance *and* in the original short story "The Priest" is a feminine looking cenobite).

Weird how that works sometimes! Must be a coincidence.