---
title: Sinners (2025)
description: Haha she spat in his mouth eewwwwww hahaha
date: 2025-06-04 21:54:06 +0200
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, accurate portrayal of another country, body horror, folk horror, irish people are weird, it's a metaphor d'uh, let's shoot our way out, pretty metal, secret musical, vaudeville, wrong place wrong face, ñam ñam qué rico, they don't say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-06-04/"
image:
    path: "sinners.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> It's the very early 30s and two twins are back in town, ready to open a juke joint! They assemble a crew of people where every character is even more interesting than the last and things are looking just peachy! That is, until things go from dusk till down on them.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Oh, no, it's over two hours long.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> No, they don't, and there were a few times where I was sure they were going to drop it!

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> my only problem with this movie is that it didn't have a **Zeal & Ardor** cameo on that first musical scene, the rest was great!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Even though I will never say a film should be longer than 90 minutes, that first hour showing how things get started and the avengers get together is *really* fun and cool. Letting the film take its time there *really*, and I mean *really* works. It is a gorgeous movie, the soundtrack is amazing, it is stylish as hell and it is very smart about how it uses the enemies for what it wants to tell you. And if you don't care that much about subtext, it still works! Extremely fun movie, don't skip this one.<br/>Also, and just like with [***Green Room***]({% post_url 2025/2025-02-04/2025-02-04-00-green-room %}), any movie where racist scum eats shit will always get the Impeccable Taste Seal of Approval.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> Well in this case I'll just point you towards the one sentence review. Seriously, that scene is amazing!
{% include embed/youtube.html id='usG7NW6a2PA' %}

and of course if you poke them on the shoulder for long enough they'll dip into shoegaze just for you, you devil, you.

{% include embed/youtube.html id='wDmPTmUJw1M' %}

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb ~~trivia~~ user reviews:</span>

My friend, would you believe the great minds writing reviews on IMDb are trying to lower the movie score because, basically, it has a mostly-black cast (i mean d'uh) and that's both "woke" and "overrated" and "too political" and ahem ahem people virtue signaling, clearly, and only saying they like the movie because it is trendy to do so and-<br/>Geez, it must be really tiring to be that fragile, huh? Just enjoy cool movies, what the hell.