---
title: Martyrs (2008)
description: I told you I was hardcore.
date: 2025-03-06 00:29:33 +0100
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, body horror, altered states, eat the rich, the writer's barely-disguised fetish, wrong place wrong face, what the hell was that, pretty metal, RRRRR, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-03-06/"
image:
    path: "martyrs.png"
---
{% include 5r.html %}
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Have you ever watched ***It's a Wonderful Life***? Well, this is not that.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Nope. Almost, but no.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Oh yes they do!

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> the cure for those days when you're feeling maybe a bit too happy and you need something to mellow things out.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> Definitely the best movie out of the whole "New French Extremity" thing, which to be honest was kind of a bit overhyped in general.<br/>One of the bleakest, most negative, most nihilistic films ever made, which immediately qualifies it as a very black metal motion picture. Really, really disturbing, and by that I mean "oh this was a *good* horror movie".<br/>Just like in real life, or like when Urkel tried to help Carl Winslow, things just kept getting worse and we're all the happier for it...<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> Oh yeah don't.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> (at around 1h 16 mins) Weeks (possibly months) into Anna's capture, well after they've shaved her head, there's a close-up of her legs during the sponge bath scene. They are neatly, smoothly shaven. Aside from the fact that this would not have been a priority in her situation, she could not have done it herself. As for the captors, there is no reason why they would've shaven her legs, considering the way they otherwise treat her. It is also not necessary for them to have her legs be shaven for the final skinning.

I love how Weird Specific Fetish guys need to casually bring up their Very Specific thing anytime there's even the slightest opportunity. "*did you notice (heavy breathing) they shaved her legs? I wonder if they used a disposable razor hur hur*" and so on.<br/>
But, well, yes, sure, of course:

{% include blunder.html %}