---
title: Hail Satan? (2019)
description: Sanguis bibimus, corpus edimus... tolle corpus - Satani! Ave!
date: 2025-07-01 00:27:53 +0200
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, RRRRR, accurate portrayal of another country, comedy, movies that tell you what you should do, pretty metal, satanic panic, secret sad movie, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-07-01/"
image:
    path: "hail-satan.png"
---
{% include 5r.html %}
{% include tellyouwhattodo.html %}
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> This is a documentary about ***The Satanic Temple***. It tells you how things got started, how a completely non-theistic religion became an extremely effective grassroots/political weapon and also about laffing and enjoying our very precious, very limited time on earth, and why we should cherish goats and hail Our Lord and Master. It is a surprisingly optimistic movie/documentary! And yeah it also might be about shooting blood out of your c-<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> no! five minutes over that<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Oh trust me they do.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> Oh *hell yeah* this is an awesome documentary!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Yup, six years in, this is still one of the funniest and at the same time most interesting documentaries you can watch. Sure, it's extremely focused on pre-covid US but I mean, at this point doesn't that make it even more relevant today?<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> I would have liked this a tinby bit more if they had gone hammier about the political side of things and said what it should have said about LaVey and the Church of Satan (they were/ they are nazis and they suck).

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> Throughout the film, members of the Satanic Temple claim America is a theocracy. America is in fact not on the list of world theocracies and was never a theocracy at any point in its history. In addition, theocracies clearly state in their rule of law whether they are a theocracy; America doesn't say that in any founding document.

Yeah fuck you, Mr Dictionary.
{% include embed/youtube.html id='IRsPheErBj8' %}
You will die alone and it'll suck almost as much as you do.