---
title: Black Cab (2024)
description: this is why you should catch the bus
date: 2025-05-24 10:48:10 +0200
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, featuring the most obnoxious people on earth, long hair is scary, middleofnowherecore, netflixcore, snorecore, secret sad movie, there was an attempt, they don't say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-05-24/"
image:
    path: "black-cab.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> This couple is about to go back home after having dinner with some friends and from the very start you can tell the dude is a bit of a Red Flag Golem: basically every single thing he says or does makes you go "oof, that's not great" or "geez, girl, wake up". Anyway, so they get in a black cab to go back home and the driver's none other than Nick Frost... but... does he have *bad intentions*????<br/>And also the movie starts with the bad boyfriend telling an urban legend everyone knows ("dude hiding on the backseat"), *then* we also get another one ("the vanishing hitchhicker") and that should set the tone I guess.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Yeah, good job!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Nope.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span>{% include wth.html %}
don't let the Krusty there fool you, this wasn't a "what the hell was that (appreciative)", it was a "what the hell was that (disappointed)".<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Surprisingly aimless, surprisingly slow very often and *then* the last like ten minutes are like "wait, no, what are you doing with the (extremely thin excuse of a) plot??". Too bad.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> I don't really know why they brought up the urban legends at all, but my take here is that if you're going to do it, just fully embrace it, make this a movie about people completely obsessed with urban legends (that everyone knows about) that keep telling them and expect you to be very frightened by them, dunno. Go ham with that, make it ridiculous.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb ~~trivia~~ movie tags:</span>

One of the geniouses that contribute to the IMDb page and specifically to the IMDb movie tags decided to add "**reflection in eye**" as if this was a key part of the movie (it's not, I had to think about *when* that happened and trust me it's extremely minor). Usually tags, <a href="/tags/">like the ones on your favourite blog</a>, are used to quickly find other stuff that shares things you might be interested in, so this makes me feel like I just run into the most niche fetish ever. Someone sweating and getting all hot and bothered when there's a re-reflection in... in the g-g-girl's eye...