---
title: Cellphone (2024)
description: Don't *ghost* me babe BOO hahaha gotem just my little joke
date: 2025-03-05 22:36:04 +0100
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, haunted-housesploitation, lowbudgetcore, middleofnowherecore, it's a metaphor d'uh, snorecore, hidden ghosts, there was an attempt, featuring the most obnoxious people on earth, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-03-05/"
image:
    path: "cellphone.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Wynne is recovering from some bad PSTD after she lost her fiancé or husband or something in a car accident and of course since this is a horror movie she decides the best course of action is to become the caretaker of this very very old house (bad idea) in the absolute middle of nowhere (bad idea) where a guy apparently killed his wife then himself (bad idea, both) and the actual owner of the house is none other than Malcolm McDowell (terrible decision making on display here). Oh also apparently her phone rings randomly and shows her stuff that is not there OR IS IT or is it all in her head OR IS IT?<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> yes! just under the limit<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Oh, do they.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> (bad 90s standup voice) speaking of bad decisions, what about watching this movie, am I rite folks hur hur hur but anyway.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Oh I totally can see what they were going for, but it's like "oooh, baby, geez, so close but, mmmm no. No, not really, no. Oh no no no, don't do the whole autistic character can't stop talking bit, oh no no noooo don't give me the whole 'but is it real or...? unless?' thing either oh noooooo!". Oh, also, all of Malcolm McDowell lines are recorded on the phone and they really, really sound like there wasn't a second take. My feeling is they just payed for a Cameo video and called it a day, maybe.<br/>Also also! The HAUNTED ringtone was surprisingly similar (but not really?) to the one in ***Simulacra*** which was a very fun and effective horror game about finding a phone and playing detective - but with g-g-g-ghosts?<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> Drop the autistic character completely, what a completely random addition to your movie.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> The truck Chris is working on is a Land Rover 110

{% include ok.html %}

(I don't have a clue why you'd choose to add that as trivia but it made me laugh that it has zero upvotes and six downvotes)