---
title: Top Secret! (1984)
description: (really bad french accent) Souvenirs, novedades, artículos de coña
date: 2025-04-02 22:36:41 +0100
categories: [films, high art]
tags: [film reviews, high art, comedy, featuring a dog, germansploitation, let's punch our way out, pretty metal, wrong place wrong face, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-04-02/"
image:
    path: "top-secret.png"
---
{% include 5r.html %}
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> So, ***Top Secret!***: Val Kilmer is a young promising actor that will give us amazing movies like ***Top Gun***, ***Willow***, ***Batman Forever*** (the most sensitive of all the batmen, according to Jack Black) and of course ***this movie you are reading about right now***, which surprisingly was his film debut. Unfortunately he decided to go back to his home planet yesterday, which to be honest was kind of a downer because, you know, he was one of those actors you like for no real reason even though he's barely been on movies you constantly quote like the nerd you are. And yet.<br/>Anyway, so yeah this is a movie by The Zuckers of ***The Naked Gun*** fame, and it is about ~~shooting blood out of~~ the most noble of endeavours: helping nazis eat shit, have funny shenanigans everywhere and enjoy visual gags.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> it is EXACTLY 90 minutes, which once again proves no movie should be longer than that without any real reason for it.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Yes, they do. Phew.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> sin riesgo de cáncer pero te mata de risa.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> Okay so uh of course parts of this movie are extremely dated and make you go "oof, that's not great" if you look at them with 2025 eyes. Kind of something to be expected from a 41 years old movie, I mean, let's not be too dumb here. With that in mind, what a delightfully funny movie. A movie so funny here at Impeccable Taste HQ a double feature was enjoyed: the movie, and the movie, but with the spanish dub which adapts like half of the jokes. Yes I watched the movie twice in a row, and *yes* if you have even read a couple of posts here you should know I spend a lot of time every day watching movies, what about it. This is NOT my zuckers' favourite movie (that'd be ***The Naked Gun***), but it is really close and extremely quotable.<br/>Man, Val, that sucks. You weren't even that old.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> It is dumb but sometimes I wish I could watch the Backwards Bookshop scene with fresh eyes again, and like get that "oh *damn* they're doing this thing" realization for the first time, once more.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the ~~IMDb trivia~~ different dubs:</span><br/>Look, I don't really care about the stupid crap the super high IQ dudes at IMDb have written, this time around. Instead I think it's super funny to share the same scene, twice, but with the original voice acting and the spanish dub.

{% include embed/youtube.html id='gQhNPOxHWyk' %}
{% include embed/youtube.html id='c7Hl2C5YWjw' %}

Who would have guessed that "Chocolate Mousse" meant "Café con leche", but in french.
