---
title: Blink Twice (2024)
description: I'm starting to think that going on vacation is a bad idea in general
date: 2025-01-25 21:22:28 +0100
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, buttsploitation, just nepo baby things, wrong place wrong face, eat the rich, vacationsploitation, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-01-25/"
image:
    path: "blink-twice.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Frida and Jess are two broke waitresses that somehow get invited to a billionaire's (warning, red flag) private island (warning, red flag) to basically live a hedonistic vacation (warning, red flag) where you just eat nice food, drink nice alcohol, get nice drugs and well laff a lot (red flag, maybe? I don't know, I'm very quick to laff in general). Would you believe if I told you *not everything about this premise is as it seems*???<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Nope and I don't understand why it went to one hour three quarters.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> yeah, during the first fifteen minutes of the movie and then they repeat it a couple of times for plot reasons so *chef kiss*.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> Why the hell would you choose to name one of the two main characters "Slater" and then *cast* Christian Slater as a completely different guy in the movie???<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> I honestly don't know what's the tone they were going for, because the bit where it goes to sillytown feels really grating compared to how serious it wants to be sometimes. At least it wasn't another secret The Most Dangerous Game as I first thought!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> fully embrace the dumb stoner movie it almost becomes for like half an hour, add at least one of those "[record scratch] say *whaaaaaat????*" moments, focus more on joints being the answer to the film's issues, etc.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> Early on in the film, Frida and Jess choose between red and blue dresses, and Frida chooses red. Like the red pill in ***The Matrix***, Frida eventually learns an unsettling truth

{% include boss-baby.html %}

The best bit is that whoever wrote that piece of trivia was so eager to go for the movie reference that they didn't actually see what happens in the movie! Good job!