---
title: Ravenous (1999)
description: (squeaky voice) oooom nom nom nom nom
date: 2024-10-20 22:20:54 +0100
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, horror comedy, folk horror, ñam ñam qué rico, spooktober 2024, RRRRR, they don't say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2024-10-20/"
image:
    path: "ravenous.png"
---
{% include 5r.html %}
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> There's this middle-of-nowhere outpost around the time of the mexican/american war. Guy Pearce and his chums need to go on a rescue mission moooore or less when Robert Carlyle gets there. Things get spicy when cannibalism starts to happen, you know how
that goes.<br/>This is a horror comedy, but a really *really* dark tongue in cheek comedy.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> nope, slightly over the sane limit.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> you know, i don't think so. Huh.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> the perfect movie to watch during a BBQ.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Still an amazing watch after all these years, still has one kickass soundtrack, still surprisingly underrated.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> credit where credit is due, known pedo and sex offender Jeffrey Jones is really good on this movie but, you know. Maybe a George Lucasesque 25 years anniversary special edition where Jeffrey Jones has been digitally replaced with beloved rascal Willem Dafoe.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> The end fight was made up by the actors when the original scripted ending was scrapped in favor of them just beating the hell out of each other. During this, the production ran out of fake blood.

You know, I usually think the IMDb trivia section is a cesspool but I am happy to have read this because it only makes the movie better. The fact that they run out of fake blood is kind of a chef kiss thing.