---
title: MAXXXINE (2024)
description: The thrilling conclusion to the X trilogy
date: 2024-10-31 20:08:04 +0100
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, horror comedy, vhs nostalgia, altered states, satanic panic, the writer's barely-disguised fetish, high heels and leather, buttsploitation, spooktober 2024, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2024-10-31/"
image:
    path: "maxxxine.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Following the neverending adventures of Eternal Champion and Plucky Time Traveller Mia Goth on the ***X*** trilogy. On ***X*** she played a porn actress in the 70s and also a very old decrepit lady. On ***Pearl*** she played that very old decrepit lady, but in 1918. Now she's back on the current year, 1985, where she will meet this white haired dude with a delorean to try and film a horror movie.<br/>... Oh, also there's Giancarlo Esposito playing against type for the first time in his life. Sorta.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Nah, hour 43 minutes.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Of course, after all it's the name of Mia Goth's character. It's hard to say if they're pronouncing it with one, two or three equises. Like the wild west alcohol or vin diesel.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> There is a very specific scene that will be quoted by many people in the future as the moment they realized they wanted to say "*step on me, Mistress*" and I'm very happy for everyone involved.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Sleazy, sweaty and really really fun. Ti West completely redeemed as a director, Mia Goth still eyebrowless, still the best.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> 

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> The male detective says the two dead women's' pentagrams were done with a "cattle prod" - but it should
have been "branding iron." A cattle prod doesn't brand, it just shocks cattle to get them to move.

It is a very well known fact that police are never wrong and more specifically a character can't be dumb as a bag of bricks as shown on the rest of the movie.