---
title: Influencer (2023)
description: the most despicable job
date: 2026-05-08 22:48:27 +0200
categories: [films, thrillers]
tags: [film reviews, thriller, buttsploitation, eat the rich, featuring the most obnoxious people on earth, high heels and leather, influencers!, middleofnowherecore, vacationsploitation, wrong place wrong face, they don't say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2026-05-08/"
image:
    path: "influencer.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Madison is the most horrifying, reprehensible type of person you can be: an influencer. Yup, it's "influencer", then "in charge of a genocide", then "mime".<br/>Anyway, she's in Thailand and feeling miserable because boo hoo she's rich and having to film ads for cosmetic companies and blablabla anyway she meets this mysterious woman, CW, and they will have the adventure of their lives............<br/>

<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> two minutes over the mark, at that point it's like "just cut anything, my friend, just put some effort"<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> no? I was paying attention (I always kind of focus on this bit, even if it means not getting the general plot) and I don't think they said "influencer" even once, which all things considered is kind of bonkers.

<span class="reviewsection">First thing I thought of:</span> in the eternal wisdom of Def Con Dos, "vacaciones en camboya, y una polla!"<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Fun, fun thriller! I mean, if you can get over how obnoxious everyone in the cast is, and if you can stop groaning at Very Rich People Problems like "oh no i am living in a literal paradise and i do not need to ever worry about money or food or whatever", it is very fun and the twists are sometimes really surprising. I wish I hadn't been told this was horror because, let's be honest, horror it is not, but other than that it was a perfectly cromulent way to spend a bit over the perfect hour-and-a-half.<br/>

<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> the movie should definitely have ended with CW jimming at the camera, shaking her head and going "ugh, *influencers*, am I rite?" and then the [seven notes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-h1F93EJIds).

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> The voice-overs of Madison narrating after the title sequence were created with an actual AI voice creator, no actual recordings of Emily Tennant were used.

aaaah, so THAT is why this was tagged as horror everywhere.