---
title: Storytime (2024)
description: So, *holds flashlight under face, clears throat* the next song is about shooting blood out of your c-
date: 2025-03-10 21:49:23 +0100
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, shorts, influencers!, lowbudgetcore, true crime fans are the worst, they don't say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-03-10/"
image:
    path: "storytime.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Tell me if this hasn't happened to you before: you're taking care of this old man that is for all purposes basically about to die (rip), and you're also listening to one of those Spooky Stories Read Slowly kind of podcasts, except you're not paying attention. Until you do, then you realize the story in that podcast is describing something surprisingly similar to what you are doing. And you're not Will Ferrell on ***Stranger than Fiction***, so what the fuck?<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> yeah, it's around seven minutes long.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> inexplicably, no!

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> Nothing scarier than people narrating stuff very very slowly, but also BOO<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> This was very fun but I think I still prefer ***[Portrait of God]({% post_url 2025/2025-01-19/2025-01-19-00-portrait-of-god %})*** also by Dylan Clark. Maybe it's because the previous one left most of the work to your imagination and oh boy do things go places there if left to their own devices... Still - a very fun, very enjoyable short, definitely worth the seven minutes and some change.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> right before the spooky stuff happens there should be a pause where the podcast host reads some copy about I don't know, pillows, or Better Health, or how you should host your site on Squarespace, or...<br/>
*Nothing spookier than having to mash the fast forward button...*

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> **Budget:** $2,000 (estimated)

Okay, either Mr Clark is super good at finances or nobody was paid this time around.