---
title: Omni Loop (2024)
description: When you see familiar faces but you don't remember where they're from - could you be wrong?
date: 2025-03-10 20:09:50 +0100
categories: [films, sci-fi]
tags: [film reviews, sci-fi, secret sad movie, drama, let's think our way out, secret horror movie, time shenanigans, wrong place wrong face, they don't say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-03-10/"
image:
    path: "omni-loop.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Marie-Louise Parker, the mom from ***Weeds***, is having a tough time: first they tell her she's got a black hole in her chest (yes), then they tell her she's got about, I guess, a week to live (ouch), then she decides she should find out once and for all what's what with these pills she's had since she was a kid that let her travel exactly five days back while keeping all of her memories. Things are looking a bit dire and existential so she recruits Ayo Ederebi's (the girl from ***The Bear***) help and crosses her fingers very hard hoping to solve time travel once and for all.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Nope, way more than that.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Nah. Cowards.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> what if groundhog day, but sad??? <br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> So, they lied to me. My friend told me this was a "charming time loop movie" and well yes it was but it was also sad and a bit less sci-fi, way more heavy in what it is talking about than I expected. This doesn't mean the film was bad (not at all, no matter what people on imdb would tell you), it just feels a bit whiplash-ish because I was honestly expecting a dumb comedy and I got some drama. I am starting to think I should find better friends.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> given that the movie is completely nonchalant about some sci-fi concepts like the chest black hole and so on, I wish there was a bit more of the amazing nanoscopic man. Time Loop movies can get very spooky, but man does the little they talk about that dude make your mind wander.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about ~~the IMDb trivia~~ one of the IMDb reviews:</span>
> **I thought this lady was supposed to be a genius...**
> The movie is flawed from the start. The protagonist, played by Sally Field, states she can't go back in time further than a week earlier. And yet, she can easily do that by waking up a week earlier and taking a pill right then and there instead of waiting for a week to pass. All she needs to do is to know where the pills were a week earlier every single time, and she would successfully travel weeks, months, and years back in time.

At some point I need to add a "they literally bring this up and address this in the movie, my friend" funny pic because goodness. I wonder if this person was even looking at the movie or just starting to type the review on their phone, because what the hell.