---
title: Spirit behind the Door (2014)
description: Goes really well with the ghoul under the table and the imp in the oven
date: 2025-11-23 11:59:26 +0100
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, haunted-housesploitation, hidden ghosts, jaypeg horror, long hair is scary, lowbudgetcore, there was an attempt, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-11-23/"
image:
    path: "sukima-onna.png"
---
{% include jaypeghorror.html %}
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> So this one tells the story of the so called "*crevice woman*", a japanese urban legend about the ghost of a woman who appears, you guessed it, in crevices in your home. Like, you know the little gap between the wardrobe and the wall? Yup, there. How did she get there? Well, we don't know but she's ANGRY about it and will DRAG YOU inside that crevice and YOU WILL NEVER BE FOUND AGAIN and all that.<br/>

<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> yeah, it's just a bit over an hour!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Yeah... well, they do say the japanese title ("sukima onna"). I guess it counts, considering the quality of the subtitles...

<span class="reviewsection">First thing I thought of:</span>
{% include the-end-no-moral.html %}
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Funnily enough this would have worked way better as a half an hour short. The urban legend was, uh, literally the thing on the premise so it really didn't have enough juice for an hour. There's an attempt to flesh things out a little with another story but that's when you realize the budget was non-existent and it kind of backfires. But yeah I guess it was a bit unfair to expect way too much from such a nothing premise.<br/>

<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> Something you can do with no budget that is really effective, and every single "spooky ghosts on camera!" youtube channel knows this, is just have your ghost peeking in the background of normal scenes. This movie was *begging* for this treatment but somehow it avoided it at all times?

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> The movie is from Japan.

{% include fillion.html %}