---
title: Dredd (2012)
description: Negotiation's over. Sentence is death.
date: 2025-03-03 21:10:05 +0100
categories: [films, action]
tags: [film reviews, action, sci-fi, accurate portrayal of another country, altered states, wrong place wrong face, pretty metal, let's shoot our way out, RRRRR, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-03-03/"
image:
    path: "dredd.png"
---
{% include 5r.html %}
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> This is a movie that makes the megafascist "*police are now judges/juries/executioners*" premise work the only way it can work: making it the darkest tongue in cheek satire that pretends to be copaganda and at the same time is completely anti-establishment.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Unfortunately it's about five minutes over the mark.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Yeah, it's the name of the character after all.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> The true successor to ***RoboCop*** and I won't take any questions, thank you.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> The real crime is that for some reason this movie didn't make it as huge as it deserved. It is an extremely good action movie, really funny when it has to, really tense when it should be. Karl Urban, Olivia Thrilby and Lena Headey are all on point, but even the smallest part in the cast does a great job. Great, great movie.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> In a perfect world this would have at least a sequel, although thankfully it works as a standalone thing. At least we never got the equivalent of ***The Punisher*** stickers on cars but with ***Dredd***.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> After Dredd tells the Peach Tree citizens to disperse and warns them that lethal force will be used he then tells them they have 20 seconds to comply. This is the same thing the ED 209 robot says to Mr. Kinney before shooting him in ***Robocop***.

{% include nod.html %}

Of course remember that ED 209 was one of the bad guys on ***Robocop***. I hope this is not too subtle.