---
title: Don't Move (2024)
description: Not moving? My usual weekend, then
skip_description: false
skip_reading_time: true
date: 2025-01-10 10:14:47 +0100
categories: [films, thriller]
tags: [film reviews, thriller]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-01-10/"
image:
    path: "dont-move.png"
    thumb: true
    cover: true
    show_in_post: true
draft: true
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Iris is a young lady that is interrupted before killing herself (phew) but then is drugged by the very same dude that helped her change her mind. Oh no! She's been injected with I don't even know what magic drug that will make her body shut down in like twenty minutes, so she decides to run while she can. Also featuring one of the weirdos from american horror story and Iris' nose ring (which gets an impressive amount of screen time).<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Nope, two minutes over the mark.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Inexplicably, no.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> The premise is cool and all but it's only relevant for like twenty minutes.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> It is not bad, it's definitely not good... So all in all it's a perfectly mediocre netflix thing but there's definitely worse stuff around.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> this movie was begging to be a short and after watching it you can actually point at the scenes you could keep exactly as they were without losing anything.<br/>[in awe at my own brilliance] Whoa, the 90 minutes tops rule is *never* wrong...

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDB trivia:</span>
> When Andrew lights the cop's car on fire, there's an explosion as he pulls away. The car can be seen in the back windshield, and despite the sound of the explosion, the car itself doesn't change, proving that it's an overlaid sound.

We all know audio in movies is always recorded directly on the scene. Now imagine the orchestra running behind the camera to keep the soundtrack going!
