---
title: Wolf Man (2025)
description: A hard day's night
date: 2025-02-09 14:42:59 +0100
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, altered states, body horror, featuring a dog, folk horror, middleofnowherecore, it's a metaphor d'uh, vacationsploitation, why would you touch that, wrong place wrong face, they don't say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-02-09/"
image:
    path: "wolf-man.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Everything's fun and great when this family (husband, wife, dorter) go spend some days off at his childhood home! I mean, everything except the fact that they only go there because the husband's weirdo dad's dead now, their marriage is kind of in shambles and the dude's out of a job and kind of this close to being told to go to an anger management session. Then right before getting there something happens and awooo awoo this is now a werewolf movie of sorts.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> 15 minutes over the mark.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Inexplicably, no?

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> more like bore man (haha gottem).<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> There are some cool visuals, some neat ideas and unfortunately way too much commitment to this whole "elevated horror" thing where your horror movie needs to actually be a commentary about other thing. It really does not stick the landing and it is a pity because the director's previous film, ***Invisible Man***, was actually an excellent, really scary movie that nailed the balance between "i have something to say" and "whoa this is unsettling".<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> Maybe show the full moon once, which is a weird ask on a werewolf movie but, dunno.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb ~~trivia~~ goofs:</span>
> Charlotte picks up a car battery in the basement and carries it outside to jump start the old pickup truck. Every time she handles the battery, she picks it up easily with one hand. She shouldn't be able to do that as car batteries, particularly an older model that would be found in a long abandoned farm, weight upwards of 30 pounds.

Some quick maths tell me whoever wrote this has never picked up anything heavy. In their defense though, Julia Garner looks like she doesn't spend her weekends lifting weights, but still.