---
title: Inside (2023)
description: haha imagine caring about art so much you'd steal it
date: 2025-08-13 00:00:59 +0200
categories: [films, thrillers]
tags: [film reviews, thriller, eat the rich, let's think our way out, spooky painting, willem dafoe's cinematic universe, wrong place wrong face, they don't say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-08-13/"
image:
    path: "inside.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Willem Dafoe plays an ART THIEF in this movie, which I tell you hwat is a super specialized RPG class. He gets in this ultrarich guy's home and immediately trips the alarm - which means he's trapped.<br/>[looking at the camera, Jimming it up. Even smirking? the nerve]<br/>You could say he's trapped... *Inside*<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Close but no.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Would you believe they don't say it? I mean sure most of the film has no dialogue at all but still. "I'm so tired of being *INSIDE*" would have been so easy to add to the script...

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> Boy, I'm so tired of being *INSIDE*........................ (see? easy)<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Okay, I wasn't bored, this was a fun movie which is all thanks to Impeccable Taste's favourite gremlin, Willem Dafoe. Aw yeah of course there were some sore spots here and there but there's definitely something to say about a movie where the premise is all it's going for it ("our dude's a thief, the heist is a disaster, he's now trapped inside a flat") and yet it's super compelling. Nice stuff and of course a cautionary tale (never be the only person going in, in a heist).<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> Remember Tom Hank's "Cast Away"? Remember that movie's breakout character, Wilson? Yeah, we're definitely missing some Willem Dafoe chatting with a volleyball.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> A running gag in the film is that when the refrigerator is kept open too long, the song "Macarena" by Los Del Rio plays. Director Vasilis Katsoupis has said in an interview that he wanted to find the most annoying song he could think of for the gag, and had tried to get "We Built This City" by Starship but could not secure the rights.

I guess "Baby Shark" was also hard to negotiate. Or, you know, the whole discography of (shivers, dry heaves) th-the... CANTAJUEGOS..... (thunder in the distance)