---
title: Haunter (2013)
description: This is the happy house / We're happy here / in the happy house / To forget ourselves / and pretend all's well / There is no hell / oh, oh!
date: 2025-09-24 23:19:02 +0200
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, haunted-housesploitation, let's die our way out, there was an attempt, time shenanigans, vhs nostalgia, they don't say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-09-24/"
image:
    path: "haunter.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> I guess being trapped in a time loop might suck depending on certain circumstances. It definitely must suck for Lisa, our plucky heroine who keeps repeating the day before her 16th birthday again and again. Worse: your mom keeps asking you to do laundry, your little brother has an imaginary friend, your dad's trying to fix the car. Oh, and also, the house might be haunted - but everything resets every. Single. Day.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> A bit over that.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Nope.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> about half of this movie, maybe more, is great - and then there's the rest of it.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Ugh, this sucks. This has an extremely strong start if you're into certain things (time loops, ghosts, siouxsie and the banshees), but the more things get going, the worst it is about literally each of those except maybe Siouxsie. It really, really doesn't help that is is an extremely low budget operation where the cast is mostly "tv movie you watch after lunch while napping" quality, too bad it has a (to me) huge and cool twist happen... at around the 30 minute mark, then it just doesn't really matter much for the rest of the movie. Talk about "almost, but not there"...<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> i had so much fun with the first few minutes of Lisa being annoyed at everyone else not realizing this was a time loop - then watching it again. This is the kind of joke you can keep up for a whole movie if you play your cards right. Alas.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> The earring that Lisa wears is the Ancient Egyptian cross called Ankh, aka the "cross of life" or "the key of life". The Ankh, and its symbolism, can be dated back to the Early Dynastic Period, ranging from c. 3150 - 2613 BCE. The Egyptians believed that their time here on Earth was merely just a part of a larger eternal life, as the ankh symbolizes both the afterlife and a mortal existence on earth.

I.... I mean. She's, the whole movie, wearing a Siouxsie and the Banshees t-shirt (fun fact: i own that same t-shirt). literally two of Siouxsie's things were "the eye of horus" in her makeup and "the ankh" in her jewelry but i guess that's a lot of stuff you read online for no reason, you go you.