---
title: Weapons (2025)
description: Katana, bo, sais and nunchakus, obviously but not in that order.
date: 2025-09-13 12:04:22 +0200
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, horror comedy, altered states, hagsploitation, it's a metaphor d'uh, pretty metal, secret comedy movie, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-09-13/"
image:
    path: "weapons.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> It's 2:17 in the middle of the night and suddenly a ton of kids start doing the naruto run thing (this is not a figure of speech) and disappear without a trace. Their alcoholic teacher, played by Julia Garner, is being wrongfully accused of having anything to do with this by their parents, one of them is none other than Josh Brolin. Will she manage to solve why the kids vanished before Thanos assembles the infinity gauntlet, or something like that?<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Goodness, no, it's over two hours long<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Yes they do!

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> This was a really fun ride and I loved the rashomonish "now let's see how this happened from this character's perspective" thing!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Fun, fun stuff. The director/writer of this movie is the same dude behind 2022's ***Barbarian*** (not ***Conan, the*** but nobody is perfect) and this movie also likes to play with what you think it's going to be about and what it actually is about. It has some hilarious moments and some seriously creepy stuff, which sometimes is a very risky thing to try to juggle. Very fun movie, I had to wait a little to watch it but it was worth it. And damn, what an ending!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> I honestly couldn't get enough of that junkie character, every single scene with him was gold and I wish he would have kept accidentally hurting the policeman.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> When Justine is hiding from Marcus inside the gas station, a sign near the register says that the lottery is at $666 million. In the Book of Revelation, 666 is considered the Number of the Beast.

Whoa! Now that's what I call interesting, blink-and-you-miss-it, obscure trivia!

{% include really.html %}