---
title: Bone Lake (2024)
description: Skeletons have bones and are inherently funny, so with that in mind...
date: 2025-12-01 23:19:32 +0100
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, black comedy, buttsploitation, featuring the most obnoxious people on earth, high heels and leather, horror comedy, just nepo baby things, let's gore our way out, middleofnowherecore, secret comedy movie, vacationsploitation, why would you touch that, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-12-01/"
image:
    path: "bone-lake.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Okay, so Sage and Diego have booked an airbnb that is (apparently) way too cheap for how amazing it looks. If you've watched enough horror movies you would definitely Jim at the camera and either think "I'm going to be murdered here" or "I bet there's really bad mold". Not our friends though! What happens is, it turns out they have been double booked, another couple arrives almost immediately after and they're both sexay as hell, and also a bit too handsy and maybe not super into concepts like "boundaries" and such. And yes this is a horror movie!<br/>

<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Just a few minutes over the mark, so close!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Oh yes they do. And let me tell you, when I first heard about the movie I said to myself in my best Butt-Head impression "hur hur hur he said *bone* lake" and then the movie does exactly that. Huh.

<span class="reviewsection">First thing I thought of:</span>

{% include embed/youtube.html id='t9tZEcSc1qo' %}
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Yeah I have read this is basically "what if ***Speak No Evil*** was a very black comedy with a lot of horniness thrown in" and yup, that's kinda accurate. Except in this case the main characters are not *completely* (just mostly) passive and accepting of their cruel cruel fate, so that's a win of sorts? Anyway, it was a dumb fun movie although at times it felt insufferably slow because you *knew* what was going on but nobody in the scene did. I guess I'm that smart, I don't know.<br/>

<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> The last like ten-fifteen minutes are surprisingly gory and I actually laughed out loud at how over the top one specific thing was, so I say, more of that!

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> the QR code on the door of the building that the character scan is a link to the wikipedia website

Hehe.<br/>Now you might think that's a very silly and boring trivia, but i'll have you know that the only other entry was in the "goofs" section and it was uncomfortably hyperfocusing on one of the character's foot and if they were wearing shoes or not or what. So, uh, yeah.