---
title: Together (2025)
description: This movie sponsored by Superglue and every single toxic couple you've ever met
date: 2025-08-04 21:33:09 +0200
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, black comedy, body horror, featuring a dog, the writer's barely-disguised fetish, it's a metaphor d'uh, let's die our way out, long hair is scary, middleofnowherecore, pretty metal, secret comedy movie, why would you touch that, wrong place wrong face, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-08-04/"
image:
    path: "together.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Alison Brie has it all, for once everything is going to be great! She's got a new really fulfilling job as a teacher, a beautiful house, a ~~supportive husb~~ loving partner (Dave Franco) and an incredibly nice neighbour to boot! Yes, nothing can go wrong, this is going to be such a feel good positive movie!<br/>[checking notes] Oh. The house they've moved to for this job is in the middle of nowhere. Well, that's not necessarily bad on its own. Uhm, and you say the couple argue a lot and in their own way they really resent each other? Well, yeah... What's that about how Dave's drank something weird in the forest and suddenly he feels compelled to be way too close to Ms Brie for comfort...?<br/>Er, let's focus on the positive, like Dave Franco's job: he's almost forty and an... *aspiring musician*.<br/>Well, good luck with that, Alison!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Nope, a bit over ten minutes more than that<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Yeah!

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> Talk about velcro relationships, geez.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Yeah this was *very* fun and surprisingly funny. I honestly didn't know I was in for some horror comedy and they really nail the tone there: it somehow manages to juggle with the relationship issues, the silly jokes and the uh, sticky situation they find themselves in. You can think this review is slightly biased since it is a very well known fact that Alison Brie is officially Impeccable Taste's greatest Muse and inspiration, but still - it's a fun dumb movie and it gets gross, nice. There's a sex scene that will be considered a classic twenty years from now, mark my words.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> Well as usual with these slightly-mainstream-body-horror movies, it could be way way more disgusting and revolting but I guess you can't expect ***Society*** all the time. It'd get boring.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> Director and writer Michael Shanks' long-term partner Louie McNamara worked for a sex toy company at the time of filming. For a particularly intense sex scene in a bathroom stall between Dave Franco and Alison Brie, McNamara was able to obtain very realistic-looking artificial genitalia absolutely free. Prosthetics Designer Larry Van Duynhoven added pubic hair to make it look even more authentic.

goodness, I love cinema.

{% include knowing.html %}