---
title: Chateau (2024)
description: I would *not* like or subscribe
date: 2025-01-02 19:57:47 +0100
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, horror comedy, lowbudgetcore, featuring the most obnoxious people on earth, found footage, vacationsploitation, wrong place wrong face, haunted-housesploitation, influencers!, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-01-02/"
image:
    path: "chateau.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> So the main character in this found footage movie is a struggling youtuber that wants to become a famous influencer, but still hasn’t really made it. She’s "in between jobs" and "barely making rent" but this is also an american living in Paris, a famously cheap place. Yeah sure, of course you’re not a rich faildorter.<br/>
Anyway, she’s hired to clean this old chateau (that’s French for "Castle") and after learning it’s a supposedly megahaunted place of course she's going to record the hell out of it. Yes, this is another movie in the "youtuber fucks around and finds out" subgenre!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Yup, 83 minutes.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Sure.<br/>

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> if you are supposed to clean and you do not even pick up a broom don't be surprised when ghosts haunt the hell out of you.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> So-so. I mean, it's not good at all but it still manages to do a couple of neat things.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> I swear for a while I thought it was going to go into Scooby Doo Doors territory, with the lady running away from g-g-ghosts and bumping into every single expensive thing in the chateau.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span><br/>
> Filmed at Chateau Haute Jaure in Bergerac, France prior to renovations that will transform it into a wedding venue.

Now I'm really, *really* hyped about a sequel!