---
title: Slime City (1988)
description: I could go for some yoghurt now.
date: 2025-10-03 10:30:00 +0200
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, horror comedy, body horror, let's die our way out, satanic panic, lowbudgetcore, the writer's barely-disguised fetish, vhs nostalgia, why would you touch that, ñam ñam qué rico, spooktober 2025, they don't say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-10-03/"
image:
    path: "slime-city.png"
---
{% include spooktober-2025.html %}
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> So it's the late eighties in New York, our couple moves to a crappy and I mean crappy apartment and the very minute his girlfriend leaves for like five minutes, the main character immediately cheats on her with the goth b-b-b-babe that lives next door. She gives him some kind of weird dinner and something must have been off in that wine because he (bear with me) starts to kinda shapeshift into this weird yellow goopy thing. The twist, in case you needed one in an extremely low budget movie like this one? The only way to go back to normal is to MURDER people. Dun dun DUN<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> yeah, about ten minutes less than that!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Disappointingly, no. I was waiting the whole movie for the cheesiest title drop ever, something like "I guess we're in *slime city* now..."

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> An impressive amount of petroleum jelly and mustard on display.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> I mean, yeah. Just look at the screenshot. I knew exactly what I was signing up for and I got exactly that: something dumb as hell with just the thinnest excuse of a plot to have guts, goops and gibbs on screen. It's not going to be all high art and movies with a message all the time, okay? And I did have fun in a "this is so stupid" kind of way, the last stretch of the movie is an absolute delight of extremely idiotic things happening on screen and yes I have an ***Impeccable Taste*** in movies.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> Anytime the goth b-b-b-babe appears they should have played some cheesy 80s sax to set the mood, then immediately go to like the sisters of mercy or something like that.

<span class="reviewsection">No IMDb trivia?</span>
Have some trivia: apparently there's a sequel to this that was filmed (brace yourself) in 2010: ***Slime City Massacre***. This seriously sounds like some kickstarter excuse to launder money, huh?