---
title: The Endless (2017)
description: what an earworm!
date: 2025-05-15 21:31:41 +0200
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, sci-fi, altered states, horror comedy, cool weird crap, it's a metaphor d'uh, let's think our way out, middleofnowherecore, time shenanigans, vhs nostalgia, wrong place wrong face, they don't say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-05-15/"
image:
    path: "the-endless.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> These two brothers escaped an, wait for it, (I didn't expect to type this today, but here we are) UFO DEATHCULT around ten years ago and surprisingly things have not got any better since then. One day they receive a crappy tape that shows the uh deathcultists are still alivecultists, and maybe because nostalgia makes everything sound great the younger brother decides they should really, really, really go visit the site, for closure. But wait - is this "we keep making the same mistakes" metaphor actually a time shenanigans movie!? Oh boy!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Nope, it's almost two hours long!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> No they don't and they had plenty of opportunities to do so. Like, end the movie saying "boy, I'm so tired of all The Endless", "i guess that's why they call them the endless" or something like that. This is a little known lifehack that always works.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> hear me out okay, what if this time the UFO deathcult kinda maybe had a bit of a point?<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> so I went in blind, I thought this was going to be a found footage movie (it's not) and a time loop movie (not really, not groundhoggy at all although there's stuff there), *then* I found out it's a sorta uh sequel to a movie (***Resolution***) that I watched almost 15 years ago right after moving to a different city. I barely remember much about that movie. I had a surprisingly good time though, it manages to be funny at times and kind of unsettling often, it does "weird horror" or "cosmic horror" or whatever you want to call it pretty nicely too. And I just found out there's a third sidequel? Don't mind if I do...!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> More weird scary shortloop guy.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> When the protagonists return to the empty camp at night, they meet Jennifer on an empty road, leaving the area on a bicycle, dressed in blue. This might be a nod to ***In the Mouth of Madness***, another story about a place with its own bizarre rules of reality, where the protagonist meets an old man dressed in blue, under similar conditions.

First, please use the correct title, ***John Carpenter's In The Mouth of Madness*** (which obviously prepares the audience for a movie where John Carpenter, the master of horror himself, has gone inside the titular Mouth of Madness, just like he's The Thing in ***John Carpenter's The Thing***, or how he owns about a baker's dozen of vampires on ***John Carpenter's Vampires***).<br/><br/>Second, "meets someone dressed in blue" is probably the saddest reason to bring up ***John Carpenter's Filmography***, my friend.<br/>I'm afraid once again Ye Olde Twitte becomes relevant...

{% include boss-baby.html %}