---
title: Yummy (2019)
description: When I said "don't touch that" what did you think I meant?
date: 2025-03-27 22:33:39 +0100
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, horror comedy, ñam ñam qué rico, accurate portrayal of another country, middleofnowherecore, body horror, eat the rich, featuring the most obnoxious people on earth, the writer's barely-disguised fetish, vacationsploitation, wrong place wrong face, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-03-27/"
image:
    path: "yummy.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Alison, her mom and her dumb as hell boyfriend travel to this definitely ex-soviet country to get cheap plastic surgery (a facelift for the mother, breast reduction surgery for our heroine). Right from the start you can tell this is a bad idea, like, as soon as you enter the premises you would go "oh dear, no, let's leave while we can" if you're a normal person.<br/>This is a horror movie, though, so of course everyone soldiers on. Now, the thing is, remember when I said Alison's boyfriend was really, really stupid? Yeah, when I say that I don't mean "he needs to poke his tongue out when they ask him his name", I mean "is single handedly responsible for a zombie outbreak".<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Yes!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Yes, and uh, not in the context you would expect.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> There's something good to be said about a movie that makes you intensely dislike a character (the braindead boyfriend) and then commits to film him being hit by random stuff all the time, and i mean basically every single prop they had around.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> so yeah this is a movie about zombies in a sketchy boob hospital, I got exactly what you'd expect from that premise. Some bits are a bit "oooooof, that's not great", some are really fun, the effects are actually pretty cool all things considered. You really could do much worse, specially with how tired (and I mean *tired*) the whole zombie craze is by now.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> Batman 66 style BONK **PAF** *SMACK* cartoon captions on screen anytime the dude gets hit by a random object, or at least a little counter in the lower right corner.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> The Eastern Europe language 'Balkanese' spoken by the hospital workers is a fictional language created by Lars Damoiseaux's wife, Lana Macanovic.

When we were little and my younger sister of the haunted house fame first met someone that didn't speak our language, she started to kinda like talk gibberish and she'd say that was "foreignese", which I guess is "Balkanese" but with a western accent.