---
title: Savageland (2015)
description: On second thought let's not go there, it's a silly place.
date: 2025-01-28 22:21:50 +0100
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, found footage, accurate portrayal of another country, wrong place wrong face, ñam ñam qué rico, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-01-28/"
image:
    path: "savageland.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> "Sangre de Cristo" is a really metal [appreciative] name for a little town in Arizona, almost as metal [pejorative] as the massacre that happened one day there. Out of like almost sixty residents, there was only one survivor, this illegal-immigrant-slash-mexican duderino who is blamed for the whole thing even though he looks completely harmless. The movie is a fake documentary that follows an investigation sorta parallel to the actual trial because someone found a roll of film... it turns out our dude was an amateur photograph and he took 36 very very specific pictures during that night...?!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Yuuuup. Good choice.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Yes they do!

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span>
{% include onlytrustyourfists.html %}
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> Really nice twist on the found footage formula where we do NOT have film footage - but photos. Nice watch if you like the genre although it is pretty bleak/negative in tone. Big fan of how they never drop the mockumentary format!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> I'd love it if they'd send me the pics so I can decorate my wall. Those were very creepy.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> Len Wein, creator of Marvel's ***Wolverine***, plays Vietnam photographer Len Matheson, a combination of his first name, and second name of his favorite writer, Richard Matheson.

Stan Lee's (RIP, allegedly) weirdest cameo to date. His character is named after his favourite actor (Brandon Lee) and his favourite writer (Stan Lee).