---
title: Anne Billson's The Thing (1997)
description: No, still not that one
date: 2024-10-27 20:10:48 +0100
categories: [books, horror books]
tags: [book reviews, horror, essays, john carpenter's, featuring a dog, body horror, spooktober 2024, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2024-10-27/"
image:
    path: "the-thing.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> ***Anne Billson's The Thing*** is an essay about ***John Carpenter's The Thing***, which [as we have previously established]({% post_url 2024/2024-10-04/2024-10-04-00-the-things %}) is still the best horror movie ever. This is a reprint of a 1997 book (which means it's older than some people working with us at the moment, ouch) with tons of research, analysis, interviews and that kind of crap.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span>  No, but it's around 100 pages so it's not a very very long read.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Well, obviously.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> What can I say, I like behind the scenes stuff and people saying that the things (hur hur) I like are good.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> I'm not going to pretend to be objective with this one, completely recommended.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> unfortunately some details that might have been very cool back then are pretty well known by now. So, uh, dunno, maybe kidnap John Carpenter, the Master of Horror, and get him to tell you more anecdotes.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the ~~IMDb trivia~~ author:</span>

Apparently Anne has written more essays about movies I like, for example one about ***Let The Right One In*** (the original one, i haven't watched the remake even though I like Chloë Grace Moretz and her umlauts) or maybe more importantly another about ***Alien*** told from the perspective of a cat.<br/>I've always wondered what Jonesy was thinking while everyone died around him, so maybe I should get that.
