---
title: River (2023)
description: Feels like I've been here before.
date: 2025-02-17 20:32:17 +0100
categories: [films, sci-fi romcom]
tags: [film reviews, sci-fi, romcom, secret horror movie, lowbudgetcore, time shenanigans, accurate portrayal of another country, vacationsploitation, folk horror, haunted-housesploitation, what the hell was that, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-02-17/"
image:
    path: "river.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Just as the staff is getting ready for the afternoon, this traditional japanese inn gets a massive case of déjà vu. Will they find out how to get back to normal? Can they, considering things get reset every two minutes?<br/>From the creators of ***Beyond the Infinite Two Minutes*** comes another entry in the *Really Short Time Loop* microgenre and the niche *our movie is about two minutes that keep repeating themselves* picogenre! Similar to ***[Brightwood]({% post_url 2025/2025-02-13/2025-02-13-00-brightwood %})*** the other day except, the opposite of that!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Yup! More than two minutes, mind you.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Oh yeah they do.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> Just like ***Mondays*** (another Japanese time loop movie), at some points and specially for some characters this is clearly a surprise horror film.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Well this was funny, charming, extremely aware of how low budget it is and really really silly and overacted at times - which can be good when you know that's what's their aiming for. It also has something cool over most movies on this genre: people get what's going on *really quickly* so you get to the good stuff earlier. That's quite refreshing! I wouldn't have minded spending a bit more of time with some characters as opposed to "quick, let's all go here to show this is a single shot!", but other than that... Sometimes low stakes is good.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> Honestly, I get what they were going for but just like with the previous movie by the director/writer duo, the ending is a bit of a letdown. Maybe focus more on the main couple, and by that I mean the two dudes having lunch.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> Every time the loop starts again there is various amounts of snow from none to quite a few inches when it should be the exact same.

Buddy, this is actually brought up in the movie, the characters comment on it *several times*. Sure it is a way to go "look, the movie has a very low budget so bear with us", but okay

{% include blunder.html %}