---
title: Chateau (2024)
description: a found footage movie
skip_description: true
skip_reading_time: true
date: 2025-01-02 19:57:47 +0100
categories: [films, horror]
tags: [film reviews, horror]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-01-02/"
image:
    path: "chateau.png"
    thumb: true
    cover: true
    show_in_post: true
draft: false
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> So the main character in this found footage movie is a struggling youtuber that wants to become a famous influencer, but still hasn't really made it. She's trying to find a niche or something and is clearly lying about being broke because she's "in between jobs" and "barely making rent" but is also an american girl living in Paris, a famously cheap place.<br/>Yeah sure, of course you're not rich.<br/>Anyway, she's hired to clean this old chateau (that's French for "Castle") and after learning it's a supposedly megahaunted place, she decides to do a series of videos there while wearing this weird rig that keeps a phone pointing at her face at all times but also records the stuff in front of her.<br/> Yes, this is another movie in the "youtuber fucks around and finds out" subgenre!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Yup, 83 minutes.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Sure.<br/>

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> if you are hired to clean and you do not even pick up a broom don't be surprised if the ghosts haunt the hell out of you.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> So-so. I mean, it's not good at all but it still manages to do a couple of neat things. You gotta really like found footage movies, though!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> I swear for a while I thought it was going to go into Scooby Doo Corridors territory (and probably with a lot of slapstick and the lady bumping into crap) and it would definitely had made the movie better.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDB trivia:</span><br/>
> Filmed at Chateau Haute Jaure in Bergerac, France prior to renovations that will transform it into a wedding venue.

Now I'm really, really hyped about a sequel!