---
title: Bliss (2019)
description: Remember that "Saved by the Bell" episode where Jessie took drugs and it was clearly a mistake?
date: 2025-06-02 21:38:14 +0200
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, altered states, body horror, buttsploitation, cool weird crap, it's a metaphor d'uh, pretty metal, spooky painting, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-06-02/"
image:
    path: "bliss.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Dessy is a struggling artist, which wins the second place on the "worst possible jobs to be struggling with" after "actress", she's way behind on her rent, she's really blocked with her next painting, she's got some serious drug issues and a kinda meh boyfriend. Looking for inspiration, she asks her friend/dealer something new and, well, from there on the movie is both about addiction, binge drinking, ugly ugly sex, partying too hard, blacking out and painting sick as hell stuff that would definitely belong in my spotify playlist<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Yeah!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Yes they do! Yes! ***Bliss*** is the name of the drug she keeps snorting and it is central to the plot. Nice!

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span>
{% include winners.html %}
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> hey, this was a fun movie! They do some cool stuff with the camera following our very very high main character that worked really well to give you that almost constant dreamlike/nightmarish feel. It gets seriously bonkers, really violent at times. There's a couple of shots (and one in particular) that made me go "oh they're not going to go ther- ho ho ho *they did*!". And at no point do they even try to make any of the characters even remotely likeable, which in this case works really well for the story it's telling. Cool stuff!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> I get why they were doing the whole strobe light effect all the time, but by the end of the movie it was kinda giving me a headache. Then again that might be the point, I guess?

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the ~~IMDb trivia~~ soundtrack and my horrible music taste:</span><br/>
The IMDb trivia sucks so instead I'll go ahead and say the soundtrack seriously slaps (save for a couple of really weird misses). My only suggestion is they should have gone even weirder with the sludge/drone (maybe even jumping to noise?) on some of the painting scenes, but I'm the kind of sicko that will think "huh, that's kinda cool" after hearing someone dragging their feet on gravel.