---
title: Caveat (2020)
description: The rabbit came with the house
skip_description: false
skip_reading_time: true
date: 2024-10-03 23:20:38 +0100
categories: [films, horror]
tags: [film reviews, horror, cool weird crap, the writer's barely-disguised fetish, irish people are weird, spooktober 2024, haunted-housesplotaition, they don't say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2024-10-03/"
image:
    path: "caveat.png"
    thumb: true
    cover: true
    show_in_post: true
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> A guy hires another dude to "babysit" his adult niece for a week in this house in the middle of a lake. The lady's got some sort of schizothing issues and tends to get catatonic fits often, so her uncle wants the dude to make sure she's okay. Oh, right, and she's also got some *serious* personal space issues too, so the dude's not supposed to go into her room. To make sure that'll be the case, he needs to wear a harness that is chained to the basement.<br/>So, a regular tuesday for most of us.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Yes!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> No, we can't have nice things.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> I think if you go along with the super weird (and kinky?) bdsm premise, you're in for a really entertaining ride.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> I decided to watch this one after enjoying [Oddity]({% post_url 2024-10-02/2024-10-02-00-oddity %}) so much, and now I'm a big fan of the [writer/director](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Damian_Mc_Carthy). Let's see what he does next!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> By the beginning of the movie there's this super creepy scene with a painting that is no longer relevant after that. That sucks! I love a spooky painting, please use it after introducing it! I was half-expecting it to be like, chekhov's portrait or something.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDB trivia:</span>
> When Isaac arrives at the island in the beginning of the movie, he brings no supplies or clothes for a five day stay; the boat is empty.

{% include blunder.html %}
The movie also does NOT show him pooping. Are we to believe he spends a week constipated? *snort*