---
title: Trap (2024)
description: M. Night Shyamalan's Taylor Swift's The Eras Tour (ft. Napalm Death)
date: 2024-10-03 23:39:52 +0100
categories: [films, thriller]
tags: [film reviews, thriller, spooktober 2024, just nepo baby things, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2024-10-03/"
image:
    path: "trap.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Josh Harnett is bringing his daughter ~~to the slau~~- to an in-movie-universe Taylor Swift concert. The Fake Taylor is played by Shyamalan's daughter, and he happens to direct the film. Anyhoo, there's maybe a bit too much security because it turns out the gig is going to be used to... *trap* a serial killer. The serial killer is Josh Harnett. Yup, this is a Shyamalan movie but that's NOT a twist!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> No. Actually at some point I was like "oh this is ending now, I guess" and when I checked there was still half the movie left...<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Plenty of times! But... never like, looking at the screen and saying the title after a tiny pause. Missed opportunity, really.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> Josh Harnett is maybe *a bit too good* at playing a psychopath (in case any cop is reading this) and halfway through the movie you realize you're kinda rooting for him, which is unexpected because you definitely should root for That Guy selling t-shirts.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> Okay, this was a really pleasant surprise. What a fun movie, I don't care if it is dumb as hell, it clearly *enjoys* being dumb and self-aware.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> More t-shirt guy, please. Oh, oh, also maybe more Alison Pill looking sad and crying, as usual.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDB trivia:</span>
> The pronunciation of Cooper's name - also nicknamed "The Butcher" - is similar to that of the French noun "coupeur," meaning "cutter."

This is true in the same way that "Butcher" rhymes with "melatonin". Otherwise, well, no.