---
title: In Fabric (2018)
description: A dress so pretty you'd die to wear it?
date: 2025-10-02 10:53:03 +0200
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, accurate portrayal of another country, altered states, black comedy, body horror, buttsploitation, cool weird crap, high heels and leather, horror comedy, it's a metaphor d'uh, the writer's barely-disguised fetish, what the hell was that, spooktober 2025, horror]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-10-02/"
image:
    path: "in-fabric.png"
---
{% include spooktober-2025.html %}
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Things are a bit weird for Sheila. Her job as a bank teller isn't the best, her adult failson doesn't respect her in the slightest, she's clearly scared of her failson's goth girlfriend and to make matters worse this is a period piece so Tinder doesn't still exist and dating after a divorce is not being amazing right now. So she decides to indulge and goes to this weird as hell department store where a really weird lady sells her a gorgeous red dress. Then it turns out the dress is haunted, or something like that. And the department store is megahaunted. Also it's a british movie so the whole island is ultrahaunted, I don't know what to tell you.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Oh, no no, it's almost two hours long.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Nah. Cowards.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> {% include wth.html %}
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> So I had already watched ***Berberian Sound Studio*** by the same guy, and I kinda knew what I was signing up for but yeah this was weird as hell. Very surreal, very clearly inspired by giallos (like ***Conan the Barbarian Sound Studio***, yes), able to make you feel uneasy and at the same time managing to be funny. Sometimes being *really* funny because of how unsettling things are on screen. Like, a couple of times I actually laughed out loud in a "what the fuck, man" kind of way. I don't know, I had a good time with this one and the longer it kept going the weirder it went. I also am sure that on a different day I would have hated this movie with a passion. Cool stuff.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> The department store is weird as hell and we only see so little of it, its clerks and the weird pervodude that (maybe?) runs it. I want more of those ladies with a thick accent that describe a dress like it was some sort of arcane thing.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> Amongst the newspaper headlines that are visible on the front page of The Report: "Finalists Announced For Rudest Waiter of the Year", "Larry the Pool Attendant Wins Trip of a Lifetime to New York", "More Garlic Mustard Needed For Orange Tip Butterflies", "Catalogue Model Killed at Zebra Crossing", "Landlady Caught Night Gardening in Tenant's Properties", "Vandals Destroy Edgar the Snowman", "Bird Droppings on Window Mistaken For Sea Monster", and "Photographer Apologises for Pretending Smooth Snake was Found in Thames Valley-on-Thames Last Summer".

I caught some of these so for once I did appreciate that one of our IMDb friends decided to pause the movie and copied all of them. "Edgar the Snowman", what's your story?