---
title: Dashcam (2021)
description: please dislike and don't bother subscribing
date: 2025-03-11 23:01:51 +0100
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, lowbudgetcore, screenlife, found footage, accurate portrayal of another country, fartsploitation, influencers!, featuring the most obnoxious people on earth, hagsploitation, the internet is scary, vacationsploitation, they don't say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-03-11/"
image:
    path: "dashcam.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> So okay, remember covid and lockdown? This is a movie that was both filmed and very distinctly set *then*, just about the time people could start to travel again. So this extremely obnoxious, extremely right wing and racist, extremely backwards and dumb (but i repeat myself hur hur) lady travels to the UK for who knows what reason, destroying anything on her path, salting the earth and also running into something very spooky/creepy/supernatural, maybe? All while recording some (once again) extremely obnoxious "i'll just freestyle on stream" videos. This is from the same dude that brought us ***Host***, a found footage/screenlife/covid horror movie I actually loved.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Thankfully, yes.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Of course not, why would we. WAIT WHAAAAAT!?!

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> For once I'll be very brief: this was a very unpleasant watch and I'd say skip it.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Rating:</span> Well, I didn't like this at all, and I liked it even less once I found out the main character is actually not portrayed by an actual actress, but someone playing herself and uh maybe all of that crap she said wasn't a joke and she's that much of a dumpsterfire of a person.<br/>Or maybe this is art, since art is meant to provoke a reaction from the viewer. In this case, disgust combined with "i barely remember what the movie I just watched was about because i'm just mad at that girl".<br/>Anyway, I mean, i get more from laughing at George "Corpsegrinder" Fisher's next funny go at a **Cannibal Corpse** album because I know he's 100% in on the joke and winking at me and probably would make a point of saying "but, you know, this is all jokes, so what I mean is, Cannibal Corpse is art and this movie is not. Anyhoo, the next song is about shooting blood out of" you know how it goes.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> let's not hire actual fascist scum to star on our movies and see what we can get with the same premise but played by dunno the crustest of punks.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> To exclude the closing credits from the core film's narrative gives it an impressively lean running time of 67 minutes, making it Blumhouse's second shortest film in their 22 year history.

See, every cloud has a silver lining.