---
title: Hokum (2026)
description: I don't think I like this rabbit motif
date: 2026-06-14 22:39:35 +0200
categories: [films, horror films]
tags: [film reviews, horror, accurate portrayal of another country, altered states, folk horror, haunted-housesploitation, irish people are weird, it's a metaphor d'uh, let's drink our way out, middleofnowherecore, spooky doll, vacationsploitation, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2026-06-14/"
image:
    path: "hokum.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> Ben Wyatt from Parks and Rec plays an alcoholic writer called Ohm Bauman in what might be the least subtle nod to this blog's very good friend Richard Bachman. Anyway, in the middle of some slight writer's block he travels to Ireland to drop his parents' ashes and well, you know that ever since ***The Shining*** hotels have always been kinda suspicious, right? Oh well it just keeps getting kinda worse from there on.<br/>

<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Unfortunately, no.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Yes! A delightful title drop.

<span class="reviewsection">First thing I thought of:</span> Oh, Ben, you will never understand why Lil' Sebastian was so great...<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Third movie by the guy behind [***Caveat***]({% post_url 2024/2024-10-03/2024-10-03-00-caveat %}) and [***Oddity***]({% post_url 2024/2024-10-02/2024-10-02-00-oddity %}), once again this thing rules. Super cool look at modern folk horror, completely full of little winks at the previous two movies, a good time was had by all.<br/>

<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> There are goats in this motion picture, but, let me tell you, there are not enough goats in this.

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb trivia:</span>
> Adam Scott spent nearly three weeks filming alone in a single room, a process he described as emotionally demanding but important for conveying the character's isolation.

this by the way was completely unrelated to the movie itself, like, the whole production team played a big practical joke on him and none of the three thousand hours of footage showing his slow mental deterioration made it into any movie. Specially because there were no cameras involved. Haha, april's fools!