---
title: Dead Mail (2025)
description: I'm more of a theremin connoisseur
date: 2025-05-27 21:59:10 +0200
categories: [films, thrillers]
tags: [film reviews, thriller, cool weird crap, secret musical, vhs nostalgia, they say the title]
media_subpath: "/assets/img/posts/2025-05-27/"
image:
    path: "dead-mail.png"
---
<span class="reviewsection">Premise:</span> The movie begins with our guy, chained, tied up, desperately trying to get a note in the mail because he's been kidnapped. Also, our movie is about this dude who handles "dead mail", basically letters that have completely wrong or even missing addresses, etc. Also, this is a movie very much about synthesizers and weird, uncomfortable relationships. Also, this is a movie about neapoletan ice cream. *Also*, this is the eighties, babeh.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Under 90 minutes?</span> Nope, it was not.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Do they say the title?</span> Yes! And of course it's an important plot point.

<span class="reviewsection">One sentence review:</span> I *thought* this was going to go one way and then BAM it very quickly switched gears and oh boy!<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">Okay, more:</span> Yeah this was fun. A love letter to Richard "Stephen King" Bachman's ***Misery*** but without the great great Kathy Bates, and instead of being about books (books are for nerds) it's about keyboards and synth music (not nerdy at all). Really great vibes, all the cast was on point and I specially loved the post office lady.<br/>
<span class="reviewsection">A simple way to improve it:</span> Hear me out: what if instead of trying to get an amazingly cool synth, the goal here was to write the *best* AOR music for an extremely 80s training montage?!

<span class="reviewsection">Trivia about the IMDb ~~trivia~~ connections section:</span>
> "Amanda the Jedi Show" - The BEST and Weirdest Movies you (mostly) Haven't Seen Yet / Love Lies Bleeding (TV Episode 2024)
>
> Clips shown. Amanda The Jedi mentions the movie.

Okay, but seriously, the "connections" section is just an excuse to link your podcast, right? Cause otherwise who the hell would care about Amanda The Jedi's extremely dumb opinions?<br/>Anyway I hope you enjoyed the review and stay tuned for the next one!